Suppose a company is advertising a product through social media (or any channel). The company wants to identify the prospective buyers 
of the product among all the audiences so that it can approach them to turn them into the buyer of the product by giving them any discount 
or any other type of offer. To identify the prospective buyers, let the company finds out some attributes of those people which may be 
related to their buying decision. As a result, from the available information of all the people who were targeted during the advertisement 
over social media, it is learned that the age and salary of the person may be related to the buying decision. So, age and salary are 
considered in this task as the input attributes on the basis of which, it can be predicted whether the customer will buy the product or
will not buy the product. The following steps are followed in this project:-
  1. Identifying the problem.
  2. Identifying the important attribute including the input attributes and the output attributes. In the output attribute, put the value
    as 1 for buyer and 0 for non-buyer.
  3. Fixing the training and test sizes.
  4. Feature scaling of the values in the dataset. However, no need to scale the output attribute as it already has the values in the 
     form of 0 and 1.
  5. Fitting a machine learning model on the training dataset for classification. Our aim is to classify the people into two classes - the 
     buyer class (with output 1) and the non-buyer class (with output 0).
  6. Test the model on a new observation, i.,e., test dataset.
  7. Analyze the fitted machine learning (classification) model through the confusion matrix. The confusion matrix shows the correct and 
    incorrect classification of all the classes. In our case, it shows how many correct 1's are predicted by the model and how many 
    incorrect 1's are predicted by the model and the same for 0's.
  8. The result of classification can be visualized through a contour plot. The contour plot shows a classification line between two 
    classes of observations and it visualizes the predicted values in each of the class. We can set colour such as one colour for 
    output 1 and a different colour for output 0 so that true and false predictions can be visualized.
  9. If everything goes as expected, then we assume that our model is finalized.
  10. In this project, we will do the same task (Predicting Buyer's and Non-Buyer's) through the following models:-
    i. Logistic Regression
    ii. k-Nearest Neighbors (k-NN) 
    iii. Support Vector Machine
    iv. Naive Baye's
    v. Decision Tree
    vi. Random Forest
  11. In the end, we will compare the performance of each of the above-listed models in the task of predicting the buyers and non-buyers. 
    The model which has the best performance will be finalized for the application.
  12. End
